updated Screenshare docs of react native (#1085)
100mslive/100ms-docs: docs/react-native/v2/features/screenshare.mdx

---

> React SDK provides support for sharing the entire screen of the device to the room.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
100ms React Native Package provides support for sharing the entire screen of the device to the room.
```
